## Response to *Autonomous Robots as Performing Agents*

The author introduces the concept of puppotics, integrating puppetry and robotics as a form of performance. The performers are called agents, implying they have their own agenda and intents thanks to aritifical intelligence. Puppotics pulls AI art/performance that usually happens on screen into the physical world by applying robotics. With physical presence, the interaction between participants of the performance - performing agents, director, audiences - become more explicit.  
I think physical performance gives audiences better opportunity to engage with AI and related technology. Virtual performance has its advatanges of being accessible anytime anywhere, it lacks concentration because of its advantage. Since physical performances are more restricted in terms of time and space, people are more likely to value and focus on the performance taking place in front of their eyes. 
I'd also like to think about why robots? Why should we use robots instead of humans for performance? One could be accessibility. It is not always easy to get human actors for performance and the more actors you need, the harder it gets. Being able to use robotic agents somewhat resolves this restriction. Robots also are free from the restrictions of human body. Although it may not be as smooth as our body, robots do not have predefined physical form, like the woggles mentioned in the reading. This gives more flexibility in terms of the artistic expression. 
 Further, you get to experiment different forms of interaction. Humans do certain actions without knowing. We are complicated creatures that have acquired certain practices both biologically and culturally. Being able to convey messages and feelings through robots also means gaining deeper understanding of human interactions.