## Reading Response
The timing of robot actions is interesting to think about. Robots I imagined until now were ones that respond to another robot's or human's action. However, such action could seem too slow for the audience. Human actors usually act or respond almost simultaneously to input. This implies that robots might have to act before getting sufficient information to act on. In order to make this natural, robots should collect information beforehand. Acting based on past inputs could increase accuracy (naturalness) of robot's actions. The problem lies in how/in what format past inputs can be incorporated into robot's algorithms.

## Performance Idea
1. I would like to continue with my idea of putting up a scene from Byeoljooboo-jeon, a Korean traditional play. In the play rabbit represents a character that is foreign to other sea creatures. The sea animals want the liver of the rabbit in order to cure Yongwang's (king of the sea) illness. However, the rabbit, showing two holes in its butt, says that it uses one of the holes to remove the liver from its body or to put it back. So, the sea animals let the rabbit go back to the land to bring the liver, which ends up in the rabbit running away. The role of the rabbit can be wittily portrayed by the use of robot because robots are indeed alien beings. I can change the setting into a futuristic world, so robots can play a role. There, the sea creatures want a component from the robot. But, the robot, opening one of its doors, says that the component is left at home, thus getting out of the situation.
2. I thought of a play where a man throws a ball for a robot dog to catch. I was inspired by a father and a son I saw back home playing catch. It was an afternoon on the weekend and they seemed to be the happiest people in the park simply throwing and catching balls. It was awakening to see how happy people can be without being productive and doing something important. It would be interesting to experiment with how it would feel with a robot dog. What would be missing in the dog that is present in human? I want to draw a father living by himself in an apartment, taking a robot dog for a walk and playing catch with a dog.